Hello and welcome back.
In this lecture I'd like to provide a solution to our previous challenge which was implementing the
proxy design pattern to control access to the Internet certain Internet sites.
So let's bring up the ontology idea.
We're gonna create a project we're going to name this project proxy solution
remember again this is gonna control access to restricted to the Internet first thing we're gonna do
is we're gonna create our subject.
Remember this is the interface in new Java class and we're just going to name our subject.
Enter net.
And this is gonna throw an exception in our method.
So we're gonna say in our method is just gonna be our connecting method.
You're gonna say public void connect to string server host and this will throw an exception
something like that
and we need to make it an interface.
Next thing we're gonna create the real real subject.
This does the actual work.
This is gonna be called real Internet.
And this is going to implement the Internet interface.
This is going to override our CONNECT TO
GAIN taking a string server host and this is not going to have any real behavior.
We're just going to put that hey we're able to connect.
So we're gonna say system that out that print line we're gonna say connecting to a certain name of the
host.
Very straightforward.
Now the key is writing the proxy that will determine access to the real Internet.
So to create the proxy we're gonna need this proxy Internet.
And this is going to be a regular class that implements are subject interface proxy Internet implements
Internet.
And this is gonna have a reference remember to the sub.
We're gonna have two member variables here.
One is the reference to the real subject.
So private Internet Internet.
And that's just gonna be a new real Internet.
We don't have to worry about performance issues here.
We're also gonna have a static list of banned sites.
So we're gonna say banned sites and then we're gonna create that static list.
It's just gonna be a new array list.
We're just gonna put a bunch of arbitrary sites in there
just to make it interesting something like fan sites.
Yup dot com Hello Dot Com you know a bunch of nonsense sites and double quotes or not copy correctly.
So
there we go.
Whatever dot com Nope dot com Yelp and hello.
Now when we try to create to the connect to the Internet it's going to look up in this list.
So we still need to override our connect to and we're gonna say F banned sites that contains server
host and we'll just be safe here we'll say to lowercase if it contains that.
Where are we gonna do.
We're gonna throw no exception.
That's requirements and the new Exception is going to say access denied.
And if it's not in the banned list we can actually connect.
So we'll just say Internet dot connect to and we'll pass it the server host.
Again it's pretty straightforward.
You should notice that the proxies controlling access to the Internet.
It's not going to connect if you are banned site till the client becomes pretty simple as well.
Just say new top class client and this is gonna need a main method
and all this is going to do is try to connect with a good site and a bad site.
So we're gonna first create a reference or an object proxy object.
Internet Internet equals new proxy Internet
and then we're going to need and close this in a try catch because it could throw an exception if it's
a banned site.
So we're gonna try to first connect to.
I'll just say Jason fed and dot org.
See if that works and then we're gonna try to connect to one of the banned sites.
Remember when testing you always want to test a good case on a bad case.
Here we're gonna say whatever which is in our band site list dot com and then we need to catch that
and if we catch the exception we'll just get the message that was passed to the exception e dot get
message and then we'll close our class so our client creates a reference to the proxy Internet not the
real Internet.
And then it tries to connect to using a good site in a bad site so we say build and then we try to run
it say run client meet and again you'll notice we.
We were able to connect to Jason Fed dot org but we were not able to connect to whatever dot com access
was denied maybe beneficial to say access denied and then actually print out the hostname as well.
But so that's the proxy solution to our previous challenge.
Thank you.